README.md, before:

# Hi, I'm Neal

I am a builder with PM roots at Powerset, Cisco, VMware, Google, and Apple. I like shipping useful software that makes life easier.

## Projects

| Project | What it is | Links |
|---|---|---|
| Gatewise | Airport "leave by" time planner | [Website](https://nealmueller.com/about) |
| Summitbound | Dungeon-style mountaineering game | [Website](https://nealmueller.com/about) |
| Worthbar | Mac menu bar app for Simplifi net worth | [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-181717?logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/nealmueller/simplifi-worthbar) |
| Phonetic Alfa | Reads back confirmation codes phonetically | [![App Store](https://img.shields.io/badge/App_Store-Download-0D96F6?logo=appstore&logoColor=white)](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/phonetic-alfa/id6757892845) [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-181717?logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/nealmueller/PhoneticAlfa) |
| Landings | Visualize ForeFlight logbook entries on a map | [![Live](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-Live-000000?logo=vercel&logoColor=white)](https://landings-sigma.vercel.app) [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-181717?logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/nealmueller/Landings) |
| CodexRunlight | Mac menu bar alert when Codex Desktop needs guidance | [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-181717?logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/nealmueller/codex-runlight) |


More: [nealmueller.com/about](https://nealmueller.com/about)

Commit message:

Update personal description and project table header

README.md, after:

# Hi, I'm Neal

I am a builder with product management roots at Powerset, Cisco, VMware, Google, and Apple. I ship software that makes life more livable.

## Projects

| Personal Project | What it is | Links |
|---|---|---|
| Gatewise | Airport "leave by" time planner | [Website](https://nealmueller.com/about) |
| Summitbound | Dungeon-style mountaineering game | [Website](https://nealmueller.com/about) |
| Worthbar | Mac menu bar app for Simplifi net worth | [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-181717?logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/nealmueller/simplifi-worthbar) |
| Phonetic Alfa | Reads back confirmation codes phonetically | [![App Store](https://img.shields.io/badge/App_Store-Download-0D96F6?logo=appstore&logoColor=white)](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/phonetic-alfa/id6757892845) [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-181717?logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/nealmueller/PhoneticAlfa) |
| Landings | Visualize ForeFlight logbook entries on a map | [![Live](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-Live-000000?logo=vercel&logoColor=white)](https://landings-sigma.vercel.app) [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-181717?logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/nealmueller/Landings) |
| CodexRunlight | Mac menu bar alert when Codex Desktop needs guidance | [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-181717?logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/nealmueller/codex-runlight) |


More: [nealmueller.com/about](https://nealmueller.com/about)
